Allow use existing config map (#274)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-helm-charts: charts/opentelemetry-collector/templates/NOTES.txt

{{- if and (not (eq .Values.mode "daemonset")) (not (eq .Values.mode "deployment")) }}
{{ fail "[ERROR] 'mode' must be set. See https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-helm-charts/blob/main/charts/opentelemetry-collector/UPGRADING.md for instructions." }}
{{ end }}

> {{- if and .Values.useExistingConfigMap (eq (toString .Values.config) "<nil>") }}
> {{ fail "[ERROR] 'config' must be set." }}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{- if and .Values.useExistingConfigMap (not (eq (toString .Values.config) "<nil>")) }}
{{ fail "[ERROR] 'config' must be null when using 'useExistingConfigMap'." }}
```

> {{- if and (not .Values.configMap.create) (or (eq (toString .Values.extraVolumes) "<nil>") (eq (toString .Values.extraVolumeMounts) "<nil>") ) }}

Reviewer: I don't think we want to strictly enforce `.Values.extraVolumes` or `.Values.extraVolumeMounts` be set when `.Values.configMap.create` is false.  There are situations where users may build their own collector image with the config included and then not need a configmap at all.  I do think we should enforce that `.Values.config` be set to `null` when `.Values.configMap.create` is true.

Author: when `.Values.configMap.create` is true,  Whatever the value of the ` `.Values.config``, it does not work, I think we can give an warning msg.
